<img src="/images/me.jpeg" alt="Miquel's picture" id="image-profile" width="125">

<div class="info">
    <a href="mailto:mikisabate@gmail.com"><i class="fa fa-envelope"></i> mikisabate@gmail.com</a> -
    <a href="https://github.com/mssola"><i class="fa fa-github"></i> @mssola</a> -
    <a href="https://twitter.com/miquelssola"><i class="fa fa-twitter"></i> @miquelssola</a> -
    <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=7WXJc30AAAAJ"><i class="fa fa-google"></i> Scholar</a> -
    <a href="/en/about/cv.html"><i class="fa fa-address-card-o"></i> CV</a>
</div>

**Miquel Sabaté Solà** (Piera, 1989) has a degree in Computer Science
([FIB/UPC](https://www.fib.upc.edu/en), 2014) and in Catalan Language and
Literature ([UOC](https://www.uoc.edu/portal/en/index.html), 2022), and holds a
Master's degree in Advanced Research in Humanistic Studies
([URV](https://www.urv.cat/en/), 2023). He works as a Senior Full-Stack Software
Developer at [SUSE](https://www.suse.com/), has contributed to numerous FOSS
projects, and has acted as a mentor in the [Google Summer of
Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) program twice: once with the
[KDE](https://kde.org/) project, and another with
[openSUSE](https://www.opensuse.org/).

His main topics of research are the textual criticism of unpublished authors of
the catalan Baroque period, and their contextualization. In particular, he has
been working on the study of the life and literary works of Joan Terré Sarriera
(1601-1640), a poet from the first period of catalan Baroque.

He is also involved in politics, being a member of [Vila de Capellades -
CUP](http://viladecapellades.cat/), and, during the municipal elections
celebrated in may 2019, he was nominated as councilor at Capellades. When
forming up the government of the Town Hall, he was nominated as councilor of
Youth, Citizen Participation and Transparency; which he [later
renounced](http://viladecapellades.cat/noticia/309/comunicat-de-vila-de-capellades-cup-en-relacio-a-la-sortida-del-govern)
in march 2023. On the next elections, in 2023, he was reelected as a councilor,
but remaining at the opposition this time. Moreover, in october 2020, he also
took the position of councilor at the [Consell Comarcal de
l'Anoia](https://www.anoia.cat/) from representatives that left office early,
being also a spokesman there for the CUP party until july 2023 (end of the
term).
